Sc110 dependson validation (#44045)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_41_78.md

#### Scripts

##### SearchIndicatorRelationshipsAgentix
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.13.8428455*.

> - Added a mandatory dependency on the ***SearchIndicatorRelationships*** command. The script will now only be available when an integration that provides this command is configured and enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Marked the mandatory dependency on the ***SearchIndicatorRelationships*** command. The script will now only be available when an integration that provides this command is configured and enabled.
 ```
Lets improve the release note entries to make it clear that these dependencies are not new, just newly marked instead of failing. (The above is my suggestion, feel free to improve further)
